okay I tried making sure I got every
hair I could and then you get the fibers
it looks just like this and you put it
at the tips
I'm try not to do the mascara face but
that's kind of hard not to do and then
you want to seal the fibers with the gel
one more time that way you don't have a
fallout and if it falls off it's okay
you can just wipe it off
I tried my best I could on camera so my
mayor and the Lighting's horrible can
you see it
so that's how you apply the 3d fiber
lash mascara that's 100% green key
it comes off with warm water and some so
it's great I love it like I said I have
two already
don't believe me I have proof I already
have two so if you have any questions
feel free to message me text me friend
request me whatever you like
sorry if I look like a mess right now
I've been studying a lot I'm going to
school right now testing off but